#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via yfinance
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.14.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   yfinance
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
cmdstanpy==1.2.2
    # via prophet
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   tqdm
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.1.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cython==3.0.10
    # via pmdarima
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via anyio
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.51.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozendict==2.4.2
    # via yfinance
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
holidays==0.47
    # via prophet
html5lib==1.1
    # via yfinance
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via jupyterlab
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib
    #   prophet
ipykernel==6.29.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.12.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.2
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
joblib==1.4.0
    # via
    #   pmdarima
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.25
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.21.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.1.6
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.26.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
lxml==5.2.1
    # via yfinance
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   mplfinance
    #   prophet
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
mplfinance==0.12.10b0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
multitasking==0.0.11
    # via yfinance
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.3
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
notebook==7.1.3
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   cmdstanpy
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   pmdarima
    #   prophet
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   stanio
    #   statsmodels
    #   yfinance
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   pmdarima
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   statsmodels
pandas==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   cmdstanpy
    #   mplfinance
    #   pmdarima
    #   prophet
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   yfinance
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
patsy==0.5.6
    # via statsmodels
peewee==3.17.3
    # via yfinance
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==10.3.0
    # via matplotlib
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==5.21.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pmdarima==2.0.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
prophet==1.1.5
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
psutil==5.9.8
    # via ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   holidays
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
    #   yfinance
pywin32==306
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.13
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==26.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.5.1
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.1
    # via qtconsole
referencing==0.34.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   yfinance
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scikit-learn==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pmdarima
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   pmdarima
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsmodels
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
stanio==0.5.0
    # via cmdstanpy
statsmodels==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pmdarima
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via plotly
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.4.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via
    #   cmdstanpy
    #   prophet
traitlets==5.14.2
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   async-lru
    #   ipython
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   pmdarima
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
yfinance==0.2.38
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
zipp==3.18.1
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
